hey guys sunday january 111th about five
o'clock and evening I've been I reading
with interest the ongoing thread on pier
and surf conventionals versus spinners
for distance so I decided to come down
here to the field well actually strike
down the street from the house and see
the gear i'm going to use today the
roger the same they're both AF aw
universals 12-foot i won it's got a
spinning reel it's actually my wife's
drum fishing outfit believe it or not
the universals rated from three to five
ounces actually two to five on the throw
a 125 singer which is four and a half is
going to be the upper end of the weight
range of sprinter first and we're going
to see what happens Sarge sorry buddy
but this is a 15 pound test mono I don't
have any braids so I can't make that
comparison but we're going to be pretty
close to apples and apples both of these
rods and reels came right off the rack
in the garage I had them both a week ago
k powders fishing with them and I same
rod the convention was going to be a
6500 but it's absolutely a fishing reel
non non tuned it's not tuned for
tournament casting let's see what you'll
do spinning it's a stratix six thousand
twelve foot universal and efficient cast
okay in this corner we've also got
12-foot universal AF aw fishing rod 6500
magali slightly under spool is up
probably about a dime's width or so
under the lip of spool it's where I had
I actually broke off and didn't bother
to realign it but it's it's absolutely a
fishing reel it's not modified it's not
even balanced or tuned he's just uh it's
just a fishing reel anyway 12-foot
Universal 6515 pound test mono same as
the spinner and see what you'll do
okay that last cats with the stratix
pinner felt better I was into some some
fresh line with it anyway I'm going back
to the conventional here 12-foot
universal 6500 fishing reel 15 pound
test in the shock leader once again stop
6500 magali on the 25 grams sinker
alright it's getting dark out here I'm
gonna throw one more cast I've thrown to
each thrown the spinner twice and the
conventional twice right now the
castings way out front a 471 to a 375
best for the spinner I'm a total
spending one more time I just stopped I
want to give this thing a fair shot so
I'm going to smack the hell out of it
i'm gonna hit as hard as I can and I and
see what she'll do 12-foot universal
stratix 6015 pound test and a 125 sinker
and we'll see what she does